					Fill In The Blanks


1) The value of a primary key must be....
Ans: Unique

2) A foreign key works in conjunction with primary key or unique constraints to enforce
____________ between table

Ans: Refferential Integrity

3) Add an index to one or more columns to speed up data ____________.

Ans: Retrieval

4) Values in a clustered index are ____________.

Ans: Sorted

					Multiple Choice:


1. Which of the following is not a constraint?
	a. CHECK
	b. DEFAULT
	c. UNIQUE
	d. INDEX

Ans: (D)

2. Which of the following things can help speed data retrieval?
	a. A DEFAULT constraint
	b. A primary key constraint
	c. A clustered index
	d. A foreign key constraint

Ans: (C)

3. Which of the following statements is not true with regard to foreign keys?
	a. A foreign key is a combination of one or more columns used to establish and enforce
	   link between the data in two tables.
	b. You can create a foreign key by defining a foreign key constraint when you create or
	alter a table.
	c. A foreign key enforces referential integrity by ensuring only valid data is stored.
	d. A table can contain only one foreign key.

Ans: (D)

5. Consider using a clustered index when:
	a. Columns contain a large number of distinct values
	b. Columns are accessed sequentially
	c. Columns undergo frequent changes
	d. Queries return large result sets

Ans:

6. Which of the following could not be used as a primary key?
	a. A Social Security number
	b. An address
	c. An employee number
	d. The serial number of an electronic component

Ans: (B)

7. How many clustered indexes can you have for a database?
	a. 1
	b. 2
	c. 4
	d. 8

Ans: (A)

8. What is the name for the situation in which more than one columns act as a primary
key?
	a. Composite primary key
	b. Escalating key
	c. Foreign key
	d. Constraint key

Ans: (A)



		Scenario 4-2: Comparing Clustered and Non-Clustered Indexes

Answer:
1) Cluster index is a type of index that sorts the data rows in the table on their key values whereas the Non-clustered index stores the data at one location and indices at another location.
2) Clustered index stores data pages in the leaf nodes of the index while Non-clustered index method never stores data pages in the leaf nodes of the index.
3) Cluster index doesn’t require additional disk space whereas the Non-clustered index requires additional disk space.
4) Cluster index offers faster data accessing, on the other hand, Non-clustered index is slower.


Scenario 4-3: Creating a Clustered Index
	You are a database administrator for the AdventureWorks Corporation. You recently created
	some databases, and you’ve just realized how large the databases will become in the future.
	Therefore, you need to create a new clustered index to help with overall performance.
	Using the SSMS interface, what steps would you use to create a new clustered index on the
	name column for the AdventureWorks database?

Answer:

		-->To create a clustered index by using Object Explorer<--

Step-1) In Object Explorer, expand the table on which you want to create a clustered index.

Step-2) Right-click the Indexes folder, point to New Index, and select Clustered Index....

Step-3) In the New Index dialog box, on the General page, enter the name of the new index in the Index name box.

Step-4) Under Index key columns, click Add....

Step-5) In the Select Columns fromtable_name dialog box, select the check box of the table column to be added to the clustered index.

Step-6) Click OK.

Step-7) In the New Index dialog box, click OK.


			-->To create a clustered index by using the Table Designer<--


Step-1) In Object Explorer, expand the database on which you want to create a table with a clustered index.

Step-2) Right-click the Tables folder and click New Table....

Step-3) Create a new table as you normally would. For more information, see Create Tables (Database Engine).

Step-4) Right-click the new table created above and click Design.

Step-5) On the Table Designer menu, click Indexes/Keys.

Step-6) In the Indexes/Keys dialog box, click Add.

Step-7) Select the new index in the Selected Primary/Unique Key or Index text box.

Step-8) In the grid, select Create as Clustered, and choose Yes from the drop-down list to the right of the property.

Step-9) Click Close.

Step-10) On the File menu, click Savetable_name.



	Scenario 4-4: Creating a Clustered Index Using Transact-SQL
As a database administrator, you need to increase the performance of the PlanetsID table, so
you decide to create a clustered index. But instead of using SSMS, you decide to use queries
to perform this task. Therefore, you create a new PlanetsID database using the following
commands within SMMS.

Ans:
CREATE CLUSTERED INDEX i1 on PlanetsID(ID);

