Cluster index is a type of index which sorts the data rows in the table on their key values.
 In the Database, there is only one clustered index per table


A clustered index defines the order in which data is stored in the table which can be sorted in only one 
way. So, there can be an only a single clustered index for every table. In an RDBMS, usually, the primary key
allows you to create a clustered index based on that specific column.

What is Non-clustered index?

    A Non-clustered index stores the data at one location and indices at another location. The index 
    contains pointers to the location of that data. A single table can have many non-clustered indexes as an 
    index in the non-clustered index is stored in different places.

    For example, a book can have more than one index, one at the beginning which displays the contents of 
    a book unit wise while the second index shows the index of terms in alphabetical order.

    A non-clustering index is defined in the non-ordering field of the table. This type of indexing method 
    helps you to improve the performance of queries that use keys which are not assigned as a primary key. 
    A non-clustered index allows you to add a unique key for a table.

KEY DIFFERENCE
    Cluster index is a type of index that sorts the data rows in the table on their key values whereas the 
    Non-clustered index stores the data at one location and indices at another location.

    Clustered index stores data pages in the leaf nodes of the index while Non-clustered index method never 
    stores data pages in the leaf nodes of the index.

    Cluster index doesn’t require additional disk space whereas the Non-clustered index requires additional disk 
    space.

    Cluster index offers faster data accessing, on the other hand, Non-clustered index is slower.





---------------------------------------------2-------------------------------------------------
You are a database administrator for the AdventureWorks Corporation. You recently created 
some databases, and you’ve just realized how large the databases will become in the future. 
Therefore, you need to create a new clustered index to help with overall performance.
Using the SSMS interface, what steps would you use to create a new clustered index on the 
name column for the AdventureWorks database?

Ans:
    For making new cluster changes  I use smms services and right click on the particluar table to make new 
     Cluster indexes and then select thoes columns which are uniques and can be easily find out data through which
     column then select  those cloumn and Make one cluster index so now we sql find data from the index if it is
     already there then it wil directly give data from  the  indexes




-----------------------------------------------3---------------------------------------------

Third is in the sql file.
